What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Reply: When I initialize a repository, a hidden directory is created, .git/
which contains metadata regarding this repository. This is needed so Git
can track the files contained in that repository, commits and changes 
that've been made in that repository. It contains all kinds of information
needed for the version control of a project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
Reply: The staging area works as an intermediary step between a directory
and a repository. Files in the staging are ready to commit, which in turn
add them to the repository. This intermediary offers flexibilization of
which files the user wants to add to the repository and which files should
be only in the working directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?
Reply: You add to the staging area only the files that you have changed and
that are related to the logical change you made. To verify if you added the 
correct files, you can run "git diff", which will compare files in the 
working directory and the stage area. Similarly, to make sure you're 
committing the correct files, you can run "git diff --stages", which will 
compare files in the stage area and your repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?
Reply: Branches help when you want to make some changes in your current
project that won't actually be part of the project, like some experiment 
or a feature you want only to test. Branching a project allows you to create 
labels to each branch so you know why that branch was created for. Besides, 
changes made in a branch, stay in that branch. Eventually, you can merge 
branches, integrating their codes into a single branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Reply: It's easier to see the project branching out and which commits are 
reachable in each branch. This could help when I want to identify which 
branch has a specific change and then checkout to it.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?
Reply: Changes made in files existing in both branches are merged, files 
created in each branch are added and files removed are removed. All of this 
is then in a single branch. We represent it in the diagram as a branch 
having two "fathers" so we know that those two branches were merged.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?
Reply: Git is able to show me where the conflicts occurr when trying to 
automatically merge, being easy to spot the differences. I don't see the 
cons of not using it.